I'm gonna ask MJ to marry me man has to
put his wife before himself can you do
that yeah I think I can we have some new
information this is your uncle's actual
killer we lost his trail two days ago
this lady killed my uncle he's still out
there
everybody needs help sometimes beter
even spider-man ribbon just like a
poison that could take us over before
you know it can turn you into something
ugly turn a suit where'd this come from
the power feels good
lose yourself to it
whoa Spidey love the new outfit remember
Ben Parker what does it matter to you
anyway everything
why would I want to push you away I love
you
you knew this was coming kill your
father
you've all done terrible things to each
other we have to forgive each other or
everything we ever world mean nothing we
need your help
I have to stop it
this could be the end of spider-man